deployment/helm/README.md, before:

# Dependency updates (when subchart versions are bumped)
* If updating subcharts, you need to run this before committing!
* cd charts/onyx
* helm dependency update .

# Local testing

## One time setup
* brew install kind
* Ensure you have no config at ~/.kube/config
* kind create cluster
* mv ~/.kube/config ~/.kube/kind-config

## Automated install and test with ct
* export KUBECONFIG=~/.kube/kind-config
* kubectl config use-context kind-kind
* from source root run the following. This does a very basic test against the web server
  * ct install --all --helm-extra-set-args="--set=nginx.enabled=false" --debug --config ct.yaml

## Output template to file and inspect
* cd charts/onyx
* helm template test-output . > test-output.yaml

## Test the entire cluster manually
* cd charts/onyx
* helm install onyx . -n onyx --set postgresql.primary.persistence.enabled=false
  * the postgres flag is to keep the storage ephemeral for testing. You probably don't want to set that in prod.
  * no flag for ephemeral vespa storage yet, might be good for testing
* kubectl -n onyx port-forward service/onyx-nginx 8080:80
  * this will forward the local port 8080 to the installed chart for you to run tests, etc.
* When you are finished
  * helm uninstall onyx -n onyx
  * Vespa leaves behind a PVC. Delete it if you are completely done.
    * k -n onyx get pvc
    * k -n onyx delete pvc vespa-storage-da-vespa-0
  * If you didn't disable Postgres persistence earlier, you may want to delete that PVC too.

## Resourcing
In the helm charts, we have resource suggestions for all Onyx-owned components. 
These are simply initial suggestions, and may need to be tuned for your specific use case.

Please talk to us in Slack if you have any questions!

Commit message:

docs: add non-root user info

deployment/helm/README.md, after:

# Dependency updates (when subchart versions are bumped)
* If updating subcharts, you need to run this before committing!
* cd charts/onyx
* helm dependency update .

# Local testing

## One time setup
* brew install kind
* Ensure you have no config at ~/.kube/config
* kind create cluster
* mv ~/.kube/config ~/.kube/kind-config

## Automated install and test with ct
* export KUBECONFIG=~/.kube/kind-config
* kubectl config use-context kind-kind
* from source root run the following. This does a very basic test against the web server
  * ct install --all --helm-extra-set-args="--set=nginx.enabled=false" --debug --config ct.yaml

## Output template to file and inspect
* cd charts/onyx
* helm template test-output . > test-output.yaml

## Test the entire cluster manually
* cd charts/onyx
* helm install onyx . -n onyx --set postgresql.primary.persistence.enabled=false
  * the postgres flag is to keep the storage ephemeral for testing. You probably don't want to set that in prod.
  * no flag for ephemeral vespa storage yet, might be good for testing
* kubectl -n onyx port-forward service/onyx-nginx 8080:80
  * this will forward the local port 8080 to the installed chart for you to run tests, etc.
* When you are finished
  * helm uninstall onyx -n onyx
  * Vespa leaves behind a PVC. Delete it if you are completely done.
    * k -n onyx get pvc
    * k -n onyx delete pvc vespa-storage-da-vespa-0
  * If you didn't disable Postgres persistence earlier, you may want to delete that PVC too.

## Run as non-root user
By default, some onyx containers run as root. If you'd like to explicitly run the onyx containers as a non-root user, update the values.yaml file for the following components:
  * `celery_shared`, `api`, `webserver`, `indexCapability`, `inferenceCapability`
    ```yaml
    securityContext:
      runAsNonRoot: true
      runAsUser: 1001
    ```
  * `vespa`
    ```yaml
    podSecurityContext:
      fsGroup: 1000
    securityContext:
      privileged: false
      runAsUser: 1000
    ```

## Resourcing
In the helm charts, we have resource suggestions for all Onyx-owned components. 
These are simply initial suggestions, and may need to be tuned for your specific use case.

Please talk to us in Slack if you have any questions!
